---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "storyblok_space_role Resource - storyblok"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Space roles are custom permission sets that can be attached to collaborators to define their roles and permissions in a specific space.
---

# storyblok_space_role (Resource)

Space roles are custom permission sets that can be attached to collaborators to define their roles and permissions in a specific space.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "storyblok_space_role" "my_role" {
  space_id          = "<my-space-id>"
  role              = "Role"
  subtitle          = "A role description"
  permissions       = ["access_tasks"]
  field_permissions = ["component_name.field_name"]
  allowed_languages = ["default"]
  allowed_paths     = [1]
  external_id       = "1234"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `role` (String) Name used in the interface
- `space_id` (Number) The ID of the space.

### Optional

- `allowed_languages` (List of String) Add languages the user should have access to (acts as allow list). If no item is selected the user has rights to edit all content.
- `allowed_paths` (List of String) Story ids the user should have access to (acts as whitelist). If no item is selected the user has rights to access all content items.
- `branch_ids` (List of Number) Branch ids that the role is allowed access to
- `component_ids` (List of Number) Component ids that the role is allowed access to
- `datasource_ids` (List of Number) Datasource ids that the role is allowed access to
- `external_id` (String) External ID (used for SSO)
- `field_permissions` (List of String) Hide specific fields for this user with an array of strings with the schema: "component_name.field_name"
- `permissions` (List of String) Allow specific actions in interface by adding the permission as array of strings
- `readonly_field_permissions` (List of String) Read only field permissions
- `resolved_allowed_paths` (List of String) Resolved allowed_paths for displaying paths
- `subtitle` (String) A short description of the role

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The terraform ID of the space role. This is a composite ID, and should not be used as reference
- `role_id` (Number) The ID of the role.
